NATIVE-167: Add documentation for design-changes and persistence (#36)
Integreat/integreat-react-native-app: docs/01-debugging.md

# Debugging

> For debugging install [react-native-debugger](https://github.com/jhen0409/react-native-debugger)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For debugging install [react-native-debugger](https://github.com/jhen0409/react-native-debugger).
```

## Setup connectivity from device to metro
On Android you have 2 options:

> * Setup a tunnel though adb: `adb reverse tcp:8081 tcp:8081`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Setup a tunnel through adb: `adb reverse tcp:8081 tcp:8081`
```

> * Open the development options of the react-native app (shake device or Ctrl+M) and set a development host

Reviewer 2: Third:
* Attach the device with a cable   
:smile:

Author: Just attaching it is not enough. You need to run adb reverse.

Reviewer 2: Maybe I don't quite understand what you mean by connectivity. I never executed any of the two options you listed.

Reviewer: Yep, connectivity is not a good word I guess... I have never used adb reverse as well, and was never asked for a development host (whatever that is).

Author: Using the correct term: reverse tunnel now

> On iOS the post 8081 is tunneled by default. You can not change this. If the emulator is running on an other host you 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On iOS the port 8081 is tunneled by default. You cannot change this. If the emulator is running on another host you 
```

> can proxy the port with `yarn run proxy <host>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can proxy the port with `yarn run proxy <host>`.
```

## Steps to get started with debugging:
* Start react-native-debugger
* Start the metro bundler

> * Connect a real device or run an emulator though adb (e.g. `$ANDROID_HOME/emulator/emulator -avd <avd>`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Connect a real device or run an emulator through adb (e.g. `$ANDROID_HOME/emulator/emulator -avd <avd>`)
```

* Setup network connectivity from the emulator/device to the host where the bundler is running (see [here](#setup-connectivity-from-device-to-metro))
* [Enter the development menu](#enter-the-development-menu) and enable "Remote JS Debugging"
* The app should reload now and the debugger should connect to the device

## Enter the development menu

> Shake the device or press Ctrl+M to enter the menu. If you are connected though adb to your android device you can also 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shake the device or press Ctrl+M to enter the menu. If you are connected through adb to your android device you can also 
```
